# Wiki Peek CLI

## Description

This script provides a command-line interface to fetch and display summaries from Wikipedia. It allows users to search for topics and choose from a list of relevant articles to display a concise summary.

## Installation

1. Clone this repository to your local machine using:
   \```sh
   git clone https://github.com/zejj42/wiki-peek-cli.git
   \```
2. Navigate to the cloned directory:
   \``` sh
   cd wiki-peek-cli
   \```
3. Install the required dependencies:
   \``` sh
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   \```

## Building the Executable

To use the script as a command-line utility, follow these steps to build it into an executable.

### On Unix-based systems (Linux/macOS):

1. Build the executable using PyInstaller:
   \```sh
   pyinstaller --name wiki main.py
   \```
2. Move the built application directory to /usr/local/share/:
   \```sh
   sudo mv dist/wiki /usr/local/share/
   \```
3. Create a symbolic link in /usr/local/bin to the wiki executable:
   \```sh
   sudo ln -s /usr/local/share/wiki/wiki /usr/local/bin
   \```
4. Verify that the wiki command is available in your PATH by typing:
   \```sh
   wiki --version
   \```

### On Windows:

1. Build the executable using PyInstaller:
   \```cmd
   pyinstaller --name wiki main.py
   \```
2. The build process will create a directory named wiki under dist. Inside, you will find wiki.exe along with other dependencies.
3. Add the path to the wiki.exe to your system's PATH environment variable. This enables you to run the wiki command from anywhere in the Command Prompt or PowerShell.
   - Right-click on 'This PC' or 'My Computer' and select 'Properties'.
   - Click on 'Advanced system settings' and then 'Environment Variables'.
   - In the 'System variables' section, find the PATH variable and select 'Edit'.
   - Add the path to your wiki.exe file. Be sure to separate it from other entries with a semicolon (;).
4. Verify that the wiki command is available in your PATH by opening a new Command Prompt or PowerShell window and typing:
   \```cmd
   wiki --version
   \```

## Usage

After building and moving the executable to your PATH, you can run the command using:

`wiki <TOPIC_NAME>`

Replace `<TOPIC_NAME>` with the actual topic you want to search for. The script will then fetch and display a summary of the topic from Wikipedia.

## .gitignore

To keep the repository clean, a `.gitignore` file has been added to exclude certain files and directories generated by the build process, such as `build/`, `dist/`, and `__pycache__/`. Ensure that you do not commit these to the repository.

## Contributing

Contributions to the Wiki Peek CLI are welcome! Please feel free to submit pull requests or open issues to discuss proposed changes.
